[media-library] Throw an exception when path doesn't contain an extension (#7030)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/media-library.md

#### Arguments

> - **localUri (_string_)** -- A URI to the image or video file. It needs to contains an extension. On Android it must be a local path, so it must start with `file:///`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **localUri (_string_)** -- A URI to the image or video file. It must contain an extension. On Android it must be a local path, so it must start with `file:///`.
```

#### Arguments

> - **localUri (_string_)** -- A URI to the image or video file. It needs to contains an extension. On Android it must be a local path, so it must start with `file:///`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **localUri (_string_)** -- A URI to the image or video file. It must contain an extension. On Android it must be a local path, so it must start with `file:///`.
```
